Add Supabase AI Assistant documentation to the Self-Hosting with Docker section (#31243)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/self-hosting/docker.mdx

You can find all the available options in the [storage repository](https://github.com/supabase/storage-api/blob/master/.env.sample). Restart the `storage` service to pick up the changes: `docker compose restart storage --no-deps`

#### Configuring Supabase AI Assistant

> optional but can be very helpful if you find writing SQL challenging. You can easily get your API key [here](https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart#create-and-export-an-api-key://platform.openai.com/api-keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring the Supabase AI Assistant is optional. By adding your own `OPENAI_API_KEY`, you can enable AI services, which help with writing SQL queries, statements, and policies.
```
